good afternoon ladies and gentlemen this
is Scott Farrell with Lake City trucks
showing you another one of our 250
trucks that we have in stock at any
given time this here is a two thousand
five international 9400 Eagle you see we
have all aluminum wheels chicken lights
this is one of three that we have access
to
12 fronts 40 rears 52,000 GVW
you see the rubbers in great shape very
clean frame
air slides Beth for bag air suspension
breaks are also in great shape very
clean trucks
this is a 72-inch high-rise sleeper
let's take a look inside the cab
as you can see
very nice very clean
heated seats fully adjustable passenger
and driver side fully adjustable we have
an eaton fuller 10 speed trans
of course you've got Jake air slide 5th
heated mirrors full gauges miles on this
truck or 529 it does also qualify for a
warranty
take a look in the back wood trim all
over double bunk sleeper
CD player the engine is an isx 450 horse
cummins let's go ahead and start it
as you can see no lights on the get on
the dash
power locks power windows
let's go ahead take a look at the motor
good
take a look at the other side
this truck was an EA Miller truck very
well maintained
this truck is priced at 39,000 we offer
leasing programs as well as regular
debt-financed in-house financing you can
contact me about this rig or any of our
others by calling me on my mobile at 80
1330 5126 or you can email me at s
farrell farr e ll at lake city int calm
thank you and have a great day